    The learning objective of this workshop was very important. This workshop has taught me how to create
array of structs and when i compared it to the parallel arrays I made during hte last workshop I was able to
understand how much more array of structs are and how grouped and organized it is. The workshop has given me
experience with not just working with array of structs but how to take the array of struct and use with the 
loops. The idea behind this workshop was to get familiar with arrays and that for sure worked. 
    This workshop was very important to learn the difference between parallel 
arrays and array of struct. This program helped me create a table where I
could take data and have it organized. The array of struct was used to group
data that is similar. Although parallel array do the same thing it just takes
memory too! The time to put in all the data was more efficent when using array 
of struct. For example, the array of struct took all the data from one employee 
and quickly created a array out of it. When we did the parallel array for temperature
and day, it wook a very look time to take all the data and place it one by one. The 
struct took all the data and grouped it much faster, which was very efficent. To be more clear
the first parallel array was for day, then high temperature, and last one for low temperature. 
This array of structure took data from the user in a group and placed it together more faster 
without having serveral different arrays. 
    Passing by address would be more efficent way of passing these objects. This allows any
any copying to be controlled, the time and space would also be saved. The passing with address
would have made it easier to copy address and then if we did not want to change it we can add a canstant 
qualifier to protect it in a way from any changes. In other words, it is much more efficentto pass 
by address than by value. The reason passing by value is much slower is because it copies the value 
and takes its time when you need to change the values. However, array of struct is much more efficent
compared to parallel arrays. When choosing between passing by value and passing by address; address is much
more efficent and faster.
